Human intuition and instinct are not always right, but they do make life interesting.
When a man is convinced that he is going to die tomorow, he'll probably find a way to make it happen.
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing as wanting. This is not logical, but it is often true.
Live now; make now always the most precious time. Now will never come again.
Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
It's not safe out here. It's wondrous, with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross; but it's not for the timid.
If we're going to be damned, let's be damned for what we really are.
A library serves no purpose unless someone is using it.
Insufficient facts always invite danger.
Insults are effective only where emotion is present.
Change is the essential process of all existence.
A lie is a very poor way to say hello.
When the personality of a human is involved, exact predictions are hazardous.
Instruments register only through things they're designed to register. Space still contains infinite unknowns.
You can use logic to justify almost anything. That’s its power. And its flaw.
Time is fluid…like a river with currents, eddies, backwash.
There is a way out of every box, a solution to every puzzle; it’s just a matter of finding it.
Matter of internal security – the age-old cry of the oppressor.
There’s still much to do; still so much to learn.
Time is the fire in which we burn.
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness, that is life.
There isn’t enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser.
Words come later. It is the scent that first speaks of love.
Perhaps it is a good day to die.
Less talk, more synthohol.
Talk, or play. Not both!
A warrior does not let a friend face danger alone.
Swimming is too much like bathing.
In a part of space where there are few rules, it's more important than ever that we hold fast to our own.
Weird is part of the job.
You know as well as I do that fear exists for one purpose, to be conquered.
It feels like we're being pecked to death by ducks!
There are three things to remember about being a starship captain. Keep your shirt tucked in, go down with the ship... and never abandon a member of your crew.
Delete the wife.
Have you thought about applying to the advocate general's office? You'd make a good lawyer.
You might think about putting up a no tresspassing sign.
Go ahead, try to blow yourself up. I'll wait.
You can't go through life trying to avoid getting a broken heart. If you do, it'll break from lonliness anyway.
You think I want to go to the stars? I don't even like to fly! I take trains!
So you're all astronauts on some sort of... star trek?
If there's nothing wrong with me, maybe there's something wrong with the universe!
The universe is a sphereoid region 705 metres in diameter.
I would gladly risk feeling bad at times, if it also meant I could taste my dessert.
You can make your own decisions, or you can let these prophecies make them for you.
Everything I have lost I will regain. It's only a matter of time.
Between impulse and action, there is a realm of good taste begging for your acquaintance!
The best way to survive a knife fight is never to get in one.
If the continuum has told you once they have told you a thousand times. DON'T PROVOKE THE BORG!
Gods don't make mistakes.
While violence may keep an enemy at bay, only peace can make him a friend.
When every logical course of action is exhausted, the only option that remains is inaction.
Without the darkness, how would we recognise the light?